✅ MODULE 12 — QUIZ (8 Questions)
Question 1

Where are the compilation and debugging options of a Web application typically stored in the Web.config file?

A. <appSettings>
✔ B. <system.web>
C. <httpHandlers>
D. <processModel>

Question 2

Policy-based computing suggests to decouple:

✔ A. data from program
B. data from server
C. data from local drive
D. conditions (context) from policy constraints

Question 3

A DLL component that you create:

A. must be under the same namespace and you are not required to include it explicitly
✔ B. forms a namespace and you are required to explicitly include it in the application
C. forms a service server and you need to use “Add Service Reference” to include it
D. forms a service server and you need to use “Add Web Reference” to include it

Question 4 (30-point question)

Consider the following code:

void Session_Start(object sender, EventArgs e) {
    Application["counter"] = Convert.ToInt32(Application["counter"]) + 1;
}

Answer the following:

What type of file in an ASPX application does this piece of code most likely belong to?
✔ Answer: Global file

What is a potential issue (problem) that this page has?
✔ Answer: Incorrect counting

To resolve the problem, if you change Session_Start() to Application_Start(), how does this change address the problem?
✔ Answer: The problem becomes worse

Question 5

Where are the cookies typically stored?

A. On the top folder of the application domain on the server
B. In the ASP.Net folder of your application domain on the server
✔ C. In the client’s hard drive, in a folder under the browser application
D. In the client’s hard drive, with the machine config file

Question 6

Session state variables can be accessed by:

A. all sessions of an application
✔ B. all pages within one session
C. the page only in which the session state is defined
D. the method only in which the session state is initialized

Question 7

Why do you need to create your own machine key if your ASP .Net application is hosted in a server farm environment?

A. A server farm does not have a machine key
✔ B. A server farm does not have a unique machine key
C. A server farm does not need a machine key to generate the hashing ID
D. ASP .Net applications automatically generate a machine key when hosted in a server farm

Question 8

If one selects the cookieless attribute = UseUri to support Session State variables, the restrictions are:

A. Browser must support cookies
✔ B. Browser must remain open to retain session states
C. Browser must enable cookies
✔ D. Developers must use relative paths

✅ MODULE 12 — KNOWLEDGE CHECK (5 Questions)
Question 1

The <appSettings> element in Web.config file are typically used for storing:

A. URLs of remote services
B. security settings
✔ C. policies and application parameter values
D. URLs to remote servers

Question 2

What are the challenges for defining a global variable in Global.asax file? Select all that apply:

✔ A. Create global files that can coordinate with each other
✔ B. Allow class instances to read the global file
✔ C. Address the problem of simultaneous write on the variable
✔ D. Address the performance problem if lock mechanism is used

Question 3

When session states are used, a Web server identifies a revisiting browser through an ID:

A. issued by the client machine
B. associated with the client browser
✔ C. issued by the server
D. associated with the client TCP session

Question 4

Where do you store the secure machine key generated for your ASP .Net application?

A. In the Web.config file, in the element AppSettings
B. In ApplicationStart()
✔ C. In the Web.config file, in the element system.web
D. In SessionStart()

Question 5

How can you prevent Web application deadlock in the case of copying data from one disk file to another disk file?

A. Open the two files in two different threads
✔ B. Close one file before opening the other
C. Open the two files in random order
D. Open one for read and the other for write