✅ MODULE 14 — QUIZ (10 Questions)
Question 1

Data Encryption Standard (DES) is used for low-level security applications, because:

A. the encryption algorithm is slow.
✔ B. it has been used for many years.
C. it is encryption key that is short.
D. it uses a secretive key system.

Question 2

What techniques are used in Data Encryption Standard (DES) to perform encryption and decryption? Select all that apply.

✔ A. secret key system
B. open key system
✔ C. a simple round of cipher encryption
✔ D. multiple rounds of cipher encryption

Question 3

Data hashing creates a value from a given data. The hash value:

A. can be used for recovering the data using a decryption algorithm.
✔ B. can uniquely identify a data; cannot recover the data.
C. creates a digital signature that is mixed with the data.
D. is generated using the encryption algorithm in the Open Key cryptography system.

Question 4

What reliability features does WS-Reliable Messaging specification guarantee? Select all that apply.

✔ A. No-loss messages
✔ B. No-duplicated messages
✔ C. Messages received once and only once
D. Secure Sockets Layer data confidentiality
E. Secure Sockets Layer data integrity

Question 5

How is the lost message handled by WS-Reliable Messaging?

A. Double redundancy: Each message is sent twice.
B. Triple redundancy: Each message is sent three times.
✔ C. A message is resent if no acknowledgment is received within the given amount of time.
D. The receiver creates the missing message based on the adjacent messages received.

Question 6

What are true about the n-out-of-k codes? Select all that apply.

✔ A. It may not be able to tolerate all bit single errors.
✔ B. It has a high level of redundancy, and the cost is high.
C. It has zero overhead codes.
✔ D. It is a non-separable code.

Question 7

What error control codes are separable codes? Select all that apply.

✔ A. parity check
✔ B. checksum
C. arithmetic code
✔ D. m-of-n code

Question 8

What error control codes are used in the control channel code standard in 5G wireless network?

A. Turbo codes
✔ B. LDPC codes
✔ C. Polar codes
D. m-of-n codes

Question 9

Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) defines communication protocols that can provide:

A. reliable messaging
✔ B. data confidentiality
✔ C. data integrity
D. lossless integrity

Question 10

What is the purpose of the fragmentation step in SSL?

A. To make the data transmission more efficient
B. To make the decryption harder
✔ C. To make the encryption more manageable
D. To make the transmission more reliable

✅ MODULE 14 — KNOWLEDGE CHECK (5 Questions)
Question 1

SSL connection between a client and a server is based on a:

A. message queue protocol
B. polar code protocol
✔ C. peer-to-peer protocol
D. two-tier protocol

Question 2

How is the WS-ReliableMessaging implemented in WCF?

✔ A. A message is resent if no acknowledgment received.
B. Each message is sent three times.
C. Natural direct resend missing message.
D. Each message is sent twice.

Question 3

In order to detect all two-bit errors, the Hamming distance dₘᵢₙ(C) of code C must be at least:

A. Two
✔ B. Three
C. One
D. Four

Question 4

Wireless communication heavily relies on error control codes. What are the primary error control codes used in 3G cell phone network?

A. LDPC codes
✔ B. m-of-n codes
C. Polar Codes
✔ D. Turbo Codes

Question 5

In order to tolerate (or correct) one-bit error, the Hamming distance dₘᵢₙ(C) of code C must be at least:

✔ A. 3
B. 5
C. 3 (with margin 0)
D. 2